Proton balancing of reactants.
Assuming that transport reactions are specific to the metabolite species given in the reconstruction.
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD100 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD120 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD121 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD140 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD141 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD160 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD161 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD180 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD181 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD40 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD60 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HAD80 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR100 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR120 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR121 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR140 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR141 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR160 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR161 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR180 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR181 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR40 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR60 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAR80 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS100 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS120 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS121 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS140 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS141 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS160 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS161 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS180 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS181 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS60 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3OAS80 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS4 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS5 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS6 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS7 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS8 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AACPS9 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACOATA reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACPS1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT120 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT140 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT141 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT160 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT161 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT180 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT181 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ALATRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARGTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ASNTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ASPTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CYSTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR100x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR100y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR120x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR120y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR121x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR121y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR140x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR140y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR141x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR141y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR160x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR160y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR161x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR161y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR180x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR180y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR181x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR181y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR40x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR40y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR60x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR60y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR80x reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EAR80y reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EDTXS1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EDTXS2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EDTXS3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons EDTXS4 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FA100ACPHi reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FA120ACPHi reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FA140ACPHi reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FA141ACPHi reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FA160ACPHi reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FA161ACPHi reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FA80ACPHi reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FMETTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons G3PAT120 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons G3PAT140 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons G3PAT141 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons G3PAT160 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons G3PAT161 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons G3PAT180 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons G3PAT181 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLNTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLUTRR reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLUTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLYTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HISTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ILETRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons KAS14 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons KAS15 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LEUTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LYSTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons MACPD reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons MCOATA reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons METTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PHETRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PROTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SELCYSS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SERTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SERTRS2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons T2DECAI reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons THRTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TRPTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TYRTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons U23GAAT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons UAGAAT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons VALTRS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
